# Goods Donation Application
## Description
With the rise of attention to the discrepancies and shortcomings of our current economic system and its effects on the environment, consumers have become more critical of their role in this system and the global scene as a whole. This has been shown in their efforts in trying to distance themselves from waste production, campaigning and protesting for businesses to join in their efforts, and declining trust in charity organizations, particularly local ones, as corruption scandals give rise to donation hesitance. <br />
In response to this, we have developed a web service that enables and encourages the growth of a circular economy by simplifying the distribution and donation of excess/leftover products between individuals, businesses, and charities.

Our program allows people and businesses to communicate with each other and charities by listing their surplus products and distributing them to interested users. Individuals can post a product picture alongside a pick-up location, and converse with others on the application to give away or receive for free an item that would have otherwise been wrongly thrown away from disuse. <br />
Businesses are able to list the surplus stock they have (or expect to have in the case of food-related businesses) with a heavily discounted price, giving them the ability to profit from products that before would have been considered losses. This new reach of customers, coupled with the 8% of the revenue from sales being automatically donated to a random charity on our service, aids in building a broader customer base based on trust. <br />
In addition to these donations, these entities can offer their products to charities, who can establish their presence and raise awareness towards their causes on our software. Charities can sort and manage these donations, and recruit users as volunteers. Like with donations, volunteer listings can be controlled and applications can be approved based on the user’s volunteering history on the app. <br />
Moreover, our service supports simple management operations (viewing, editing, deleting) regarding listings, donations, and business orders, profit visualization, and the generation of donation records for tax deduction purposes.

As the donation process is simplified and made safer through users’ ratings and reportings of dangerous, harmful activity, our application allows individuals and businesses to reduce their waste and encourage sustainability as they assist each other and charities in a more hands-on approach that builds strong community relations.

## Functionalities
